README.md, before:

# mindefuse
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/sinistro14/mindefuse.svg?token=NY5sBpywnxqMdVGh3wnz&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/sinistro14/mindefuse)

Hostage situation negotiator simulation

## Prerequisites
The application is compatible with Linux based systems.
Python version 3.6 or above is assumed to be installed, as well as pip package manager utility and setuptools module.

## Installation
```bash
./setup_mindefuse.sh
``` 

## How to run

```bash
./run_mindefuse.sh
```

## Commands

Further information is provided while running the application by using _\<command\> -h_ instruction.

* help - list the available commands
* exit | quit - exit the application
* generate_problem - Generates a secret of a given type and size
* run_strategy - Generates and solves a problem in a given number of rounds, using the requested strategy

## Example run

To exercise some of the available commands, one can try:

1. Generate a problem of size 10 and type string, that must be solved in less than 12 rounds.
```
(mindefuse) > generate_problem -r 12 -t string -s 10
EhGnaXhAOH
```

2. Generate and solve a problem with secret sequence _378_ in less than 12 rounds, using Knuth strategy.
```
(mindefuse) > run_strategy -r 12 -a knuth --secret 378
-----------------------------------History-----------------------------------
Round: 1 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 001 | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0000 s
Round: 2 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 223 | Result: (1, 0) | Time: 003.9081 s
Round: 3 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 445 | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 004.7819 s
Round: 4 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 662 | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 005.1764 s
Round: 5 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 377 | Result: (0, 2) | Time: 005.3405 s
Round: 6 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 378 | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 005.3870 s
The game was won!!!
```

3. Generate and solve a problem with secret sequence _iekl_ in less than 12 rounds, using Genetic strategy.
```
(mindefuse) > run_strategy -r 12 -a genetic --secret iekl
-----------------------------------History-----------------------------------
Round: 1 | Secret: iekl | Guess: aabb | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0000 s
Round: 2 | Secret: iekl | Guess: ogdg | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0094 s
Round: 3 | Secret: iekl | Guess: nxxh | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0391 s
Round: 4 | Secret: iekl | Guess: ukyv | Result: (1, 0) | Time: 000.0873 s
Round: 5 | Secret: iekl | Guess: jeve | Result: (0, 1) | Time: 000.2677 s
Round: 6 | Secret: iekl | Guess: mrvw | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 001.1918 s
Round: 7 | Secret: iekl | Guess: ieuf | Result: (0, 2) | Time: 004.2101 s
Round: 8 | Secret: iekl | Guess: ceut | Result: (0, 1) | Time: 007.6359 s
Round: 9 | Secret: iekl | Guess: kepf | Result: (1, 1) | Time: 011.5047 s
Round: 10 | Secret: iekl | Guess: iekz | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 015.8030 s
Round: 11 | Secret: iekl | Guess: iekl | Result: (0, 4) | Time: 039.8143 s
The game was won!!!
```

4. Generate and solve a problem with a randomly generated secret of numeric elements with size 4,
in less than 12 rounds, using Genetic strategy. The generated secret was _8984_.
```
(mindefuse) > run_strategy -r 12 -a genetic -t numeric -s 4
-----------------------------------History-----------------------------------
Round: 1 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 0011 | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0000 s
Round: 2 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8866 | Result: (1, 1) | Time: 000.0173 s
Round: 3 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8287 | Result: (0, 2) | Time: 000.1418 s
Round: 4 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 3286 | Result: (0, 1) | Time: 001.8032 s
Round: 5 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8989 | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 003.8772 s
Round: 6 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8985 | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 006.3854 s
Round: 7 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8988 | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 009.4058 s
Round: 8 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8984 | Result: (0, 4) | Time: 012.7700 s
The game was won!!!
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Disclaimer

This software was develop as an academic project, therefore,
no enterprise level reliability assurances can be provided.

Commit message:

Fix windows multiprocessing bug
Bug resolved

README.md, after:

# mindefuse
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/sinistro14/mindefuse.svg?token=NY5sBpywnxqMdVGh3wnz&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/sinistro14/mindefuse)

Hostage situation negotiator simulation

## Prerequisites
The application is compatible with Windows and Linux based systems.
Python version 3.6 or above is assumed to be installed, as well as pip package manager utility and setuptools module.

## Installation
```bash
python make.py setup
``` 

## How to run
```bash
python make.py run
```

## Commands

Further information can be provided while running the application by using _\<command\> -h_ instruction.

* help - list the available commands
* exit | quit - exit the application
* generate_problem - Generates a secret of a given type and size
* run_strategy - Generates and solves a problem in a given number of rounds, using the requested strategy

## Example run

To exercise some of the available commands, one can try:

1. Generate a problem of size 10 and type string, that must be solved in less than 12 rounds.
```
(mindefuse) > generate_problem -r 12 -t string -s 10
EhGnaXhAOH
```

2. Generate and solve a problem with secret sequence _378_ in less than 12 rounds, using Knuth strategy.
```
(mindefuse) > run_strategy -r 12 -a knuth --secret 378
-----------------------------------History-----------------------------------
Round: 1 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 001 | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0000 s
Round: 2 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 223 | Result: (1, 0) | Time: 003.9081 s
Round: 3 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 445 | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 004.7819 s
Round: 4 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 662 | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 005.1764 s
Round: 5 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 377 | Result: (0, 2) | Time: 005.3405 s
Round: 6 | Secret: 378 | Guess: 378 | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 005.3870 s
The game was won!!!
```

3. Generate and solve a problem with secret sequence _iekl_ in less than 12 rounds, using Genetic strategy.
```
(mindefuse) > run_strategy -r 12 -a genetic --secret iekl
-----------------------------------History-----------------------------------
Round: 1 | Secret: iekl | Guess: aabb | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0000 s
Round: 2 | Secret: iekl | Guess: ogdg | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0094 s
Round: 3 | Secret: iekl | Guess: nxxh | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0391 s
Round: 4 | Secret: iekl | Guess: ukyv | Result: (1, 0) | Time: 000.0873 s
Round: 5 | Secret: iekl | Guess: jeve | Result: (0, 1) | Time: 000.2677 s
Round: 6 | Secret: iekl | Guess: mrvw | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 001.1918 s
Round: 7 | Secret: iekl | Guess: ieuf | Result: (0, 2) | Time: 004.2101 s
Round: 8 | Secret: iekl | Guess: ceut | Result: (0, 1) | Time: 007.6359 s
Round: 9 | Secret: iekl | Guess: kepf | Result: (1, 1) | Time: 011.5047 s
Round: 10 | Secret: iekl | Guess: iekz | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 015.8030 s
Round: 11 | Secret: iekl | Guess: iekl | Result: (0, 4) | Time: 039.8143 s
The game was won!!!
```

4. Generate and solve a problem with a randomly generated secret of numeric elements with size 4,
in less than 12 rounds, using Genetic strategy. The generated secret was _8984_.
```
(mindefuse) > run_strategy -r 12 -a genetic -t numeric -s 4
-----------------------------------History-----------------------------------
Round: 1 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 0011 | Result: (0, 0) | Time: 000.0000 s
Round: 2 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8866 | Result: (1, 1) | Time: 000.0173 s
Round: 3 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8287 | Result: (0, 2) | Time: 000.1418 s
Round: 4 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 3286 | Result: (0, 1) | Time: 001.8032 s
Round: 5 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8989 | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 003.8772 s
Round: 6 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8985 | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 006.3854 s
Round: 7 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8988 | Result: (0, 3) | Time: 009.4058 s
Round: 8 | Secret: 8984 | Guess: 8984 | Result: (0, 4) | Time: 012.7700 s
The game was won!!!
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Disclaimer

This software was develop as an academic project, therefore,
no enterprise level reliability assurances can be provided.
